WildBills_Recipe.txt

:Author: Shawn Dooley
:Email: shawn@shawndooley.net
:Date: 2017-01-29 09:18


// Borrowed from one of the results from here:
https://answers.yahoo.com/question/index?qid=20080522054624AAuk8jo


5 Lbs. Minimum (One large piece preferred) Fresh Brisket (Lean) - Any brand 
*You may substitute the beef brisket with your choice of meat just remember to
keep it lean so your jerky does not get oily* 
15 - 20 oz. Soy Sauce - 
15 oz. Worcestershire Sauce - 
15 - 20 oz. Teriyaki sauce - 
2 - 4 tablespoons Dark Brown Sugar - 
2 - 4 tablespoons Garlic Powder - 
2 - 4 tablespoons Onion Powder - 
2 - 4 teaspoons Cayenne Pepper - 
5 oz. bottle Liquid Smoke - 
2 - 4 oz. Dark Corn Syrup or Molasses for even more flavor - 
1 - Very Sharp Knife 

Add all liquid ingredients into container Now add all other ingredients into the
container, stir frequently. Trim as much fat as possible off the brisket . It is
the fat on the meat that will go bad not the meat. Slice the meat with the grain
as thin as possible (approx. 3/16"). Place the meat in the freezer for about 30
minutes first to make slicing thin easier. Place into marinade as sliced. Make
sure all meat is covered with the ingredients and stir meat occasionally to
ensure all areas of meat have been exposed to the marinade. Cover and
refrigerate for 24 hours or more, 
            occasionally shaking or stirring the meat at least 2 more times. 

            Place aluminum foil on bottom of oven and cover bottom entirely.
            Place the meat across the racks filling the top rack first and then
            the second rack. Set temperature to at least 160 degrees (160 - 180
                degrees). When visible dripping has stopped, all meat has to be
            turned over because the top of the meat will be more moist than the
            bottom. Also the top rack will drip onto the bottom rack and the
            bottom meat will be more moist than the top. The meat 
            should be checked for consistency in drying and should be move
            around accordingly (from 
                bottom rack to top, from edge to center etc.) The low heat is to
            dry the meat, not cook it. 
            It should take approximately 4&1/2 to 6 hours more or less depending
            how many & how thin the meat 
            was sliced and the set temperature. Approximately the last hour or
            so, the oven door should be 
            propped open, to avoid cooking it is a good idea to leave the oven
            door propped open any time during the drying to keep a good flow of
            heat & air. You can tell the meat is done when it no longer bends
            and you could break off a piece 
            with ease.Let meat cool before storing. This is now ready to eat,
            you can allow this to air dry an additional day or so in an open
            container. This will now keep in a sealed container (zip lock bags
                are great) for months 
            refrigerated although I have kept my jerky for months
            un-refrigerated. Remember this meat 
            will continue to dry unless placed in a sealed container once
            totally dried. The net result of all this fun will give you approx.
            2.5 to 3 lbs or more of the best jerky in town and you made it with
            your own jerky recipe. Try it you’ll love it, and you didn’t spend
            $30.00 a lb or more for commercial chemically processed so called
            meat.
